Okay, so welcome back everybody.
Now we're gonna have to do a few things
in order to get this sorted and working.
You might notice that
the unetbootin is no longer running.
At the end of the
installation process I pressed on Exit
but I did take a screenshot,
so this is what you will get.
Hold on. There you go.
So, lots of things here in the background:
forums, I am running through things,
downloading things, going insane, berserk.
But no big deal, here it says
"downloading", "extracting",
"installing", "installation complete".
And down below, look, it says...
Actually this is a screenshot
from the previous attempts,
doesn't really matter, you're
going to get the same exact message.
This is the point, the moral of the story.
It will say that the created
USB device will not boot off of a Mac.
"Insert it into a PC and select
the USB boot option in the BIOS boot menu."
So this is true, this is completely true.
The unetbootin has told you that this USB will not,
I mean, will not work on
a Mac and it doesn't matter which
is a 2013, 14, 15,
or 2009, 10, 11, whatever.
Completely irrelevant.
This USB will not work as it is.
We need to modify it,
we need to play around with it
in order to make it functional.
Let's go ahead and close
this image, as we no longer need it
and let's open up our file
manager, Finder, as it is called on Mac
and go to the partition
that we have just modified.
This Efi folder, I've created it a moment ago
when I was attempting to
do this video but failed miserably.
I'm gonna go ahead and say "move to Trash".
You're not gonna have it in the first place,
so I have removed it completely.
What I need to do now is go ahead and say
new folder, type in "Efi", Enter.
And then I need to enter Efi and
go into new folder and type in "Boot",
and then I'm gonna go into Boot.
Well, actually, I didn't need to go into Boot.
That's it, that's what you need
to do. Just create those folders.
It goes like this. This is
the folder tray that you need,
so Efi and then Boot. In the root.
So in the root of the USB, on the first partition,
which we have created, for me it's Untitled 1,
you might have labelled
it differently, doesn't matter.
As I said, you have
freedom there, it does not affect it.
It does not affect it in a technical
sense, the boot process, that much.
It's gonna boot whether it's called Tralala
or whether it's called
Untitled 1, completely irrelevant.
It says here "Efi" and then here "Boot".
This, you need to create.
Without this it will not work.
The following files that
I will copy into the Boot folder
will be provided to you either
on Udemy or links for downloads
will be provided for them on Udemy,
so you'll be able to download them from the net.
I'm just gonna go ahead and
copy them from my other USB.
There you go, so you need bootX64.efi,
grub.cfg, grubx64.efi, MokManager.efi.
One of these four is going
to work, the other ones will be pointless.
Well, not pointless, but you
won't be able to boot from them,
you won't be able to use them to boot,
you will see what I mean in a moment.
I'm just gonna say Copy 4 items.
So the four items that I'm copying for here,
as I said, they will be provided to you.
You will be able to download
them, either through links or
I will post the files directly on Udemy.
I'll see if they allow me that.
So, you will be able to get them from the net
because, obviously, you
won't have them on your machine.
Go back to the folder that you just created, Efi
and then Boot. Go into Boot and say Paste 4 items.
And there you go, so we have
four items that have been pasted here.
Just need to leave them as such, no big deal.
Now, if you have followed
the tutorials along the merry way,
as I have shown them, in the
order in which they were given,
if you have followed through
this whole section for a Mac
on how to do this, on how to
first create a virtual machine,
install it, etc. then this next
part won't be a problem to you.
If it is a problem to you, if you're just going
skipping through the
videos and going where you can
or what you think is interesting, I would suggest
to go back a few tutorials
within this section and have a look
at how I have made this particular set-up.
I'm stating this because I'm
about to open up a virtual machine
and format a partition from within Kali.
I have demonstrated how to create this set-up,
now we're just going to utilize our set-up
in the previous tutorials to our advantage.
Go into Downloads... oh well.
Sorry, not that, in the Applications folder.
If you have followed everything
through, you will have VirtualBox here.
Then open it up.
And also, we're going to need to
eject this device.
Eject all. Yes, please.
Again? Seriously?
I'm definitely not using it.
Let's go ahead and unmount it.
Actually, this is not unmount,
this is eject, but fine, whatever.
So it's ejected.
Let's boot up Kali.
Wait, wait, wait, wait...
Go into Settings first, my apologies.
Go to Ports, USB, USB 2,
unless you're using a
USB 3.0, which is... I don't know,
it is an overkill, but oh well.
And then select the USB
that you want from this menu here.
Actually, you first need to...
Forget about... Delete it completely.
Click on the plus here
and select your USB from here,
see it here and then go ahead and click on OK.
Then eject this.
Eject all.
And then boot up Kali
So this is a Kali virtual
machine which we have created
in the previous tutorials. If you're just tuning in
just go back a tutorial or two
and you'll see how this is done.
The reason why I'm
doing this is because I cannot...
I really don't know how...
I mean, I could basically go onto the net
and figure it out, how to do it on a Mac but
it's just so much easier
for me to do this on a Linux.
and to format the partition
the way I want to format it.
We're gonna use Gparted,
which is just so awesome of a tool
that I have come to love
and admire over the years,
to format our second partition.
So we're just basically gonna do that.
Come on, come on.
Booting. Excellent. So you see,
I already have these two here.
Kali can see both partitions without any problems.
Now we're gonna open up
the terminal and type in "gparted".
Okay, apparently, I cannot spell.
In the upper right corner, select your USB device.
Make sure that you have selected your USB device.
Just take a look at the size
and that should help you out.
So it will say that one partition is the boot
and that the other one
is basically just some fat32
and it's gonna say the size.
Go ahead and unmount it.
Unmounting, unmounting. Come on.
Anytime, my good man, anytime.
Go ahead and right click
on it again and say Format to,
and we are going to...
Actually, I'm gonna delete it first
and then I'm gonna say New.
Leave everything as it is, just right here
casper-rw. Leave it as a primary partition,
go ahead and click on Add
and then we're gonna go into
Edit, Apply all operations.
Well, before we actually do that
let's just be cheesy a little bit
and see if we can change the label
since I was a genius who didn't change it
and I like to complicate
things which will likely mess it up.
I don't think I will be able to do this,
but let's see if there is an option
just to change the label of the device.
I probably can but I need to reformat it.
Forget about it, I'm not
gonna ruin this session with that.
But doesn't really matter, I've unmounted it,
it says "creating primary partition"
"ext4,49.78" that's 50 gigs, "on /dev/sdb".
Fantastic, so I didn't
really feel like reformatting this
and going straight in the
beginning just because it says Untitled 1.
Sure it's nicer when it says Kali, but live with it.
I mean, if you want to change it, feel free.
Feel free to change it at the beginning
or go through the procedure
again, doesn't really matter at all.
Now that all of this
is done, we're gonna say Quit.
We're gonna close the virtual machine
and we're gonna close...
sure we can close this as well.
And in the follow-up tutorial we shall install
another thing from the net.
Again, I shall provide the links for this
or the download itself,
which we will be able to utilize
in order to create
the boot, which will be the third
and hopefully, the final portion of this series.
If you're wondering why I'm fragmenting them so
it's because I have
certain time limitations for videos
when I put them on Udemy.
Until then, I bid you all farewell.